std_algos: part 5/10 (#390)
kokkos/kokkos-core-wiki: docs/source/API/algorithms/std-algorithms/all/StdReplaceIf.rst

``replace_if``
=================

Header: ``<Kokkos_StdAlgorithms.hpp>``

Description
-----------

> Replaces with ``new_value`` all the elements for which ``pred`` is ``true`` in
> the range ``[first, last)`` (overloads 1,2) or in ``view`` (overloads 3,4).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Replaces all the elements in
the range ``[first, last)``  for which ``pred`` is ``true`` with with ``new_value``.
The overload taking a ``View`` uses the ``begin`` and ``end`` iterators of the ``View``.
```

  the execution space associated with the team handle, and convertible 
  to bool for every argument ``v`` of type (possible const) ``value_type``, 
  where ``value_type`` is the value type of ``IteratorType`` or the value type 
  of ``view``, and must not modify ``v``.

  - must conform to:

  .. code-block:: cpp

   struct Predicate
   {
      KOKKOS_INLINE_FUNCTION
      bool operator()(const value_type & v) const { return /* ... */; }

      // or, also valid

      KOKKOS_INLINE_FUNCTION
      bool operator()(value_type v) const { return /* ... */; }
   };

Return Value
~~~~~~~~~~~~

None

Example
~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. code-block:: cpp

   template <class ValueType>
   struct IsPositiveFunctor {
     KOKKOS_INLINE_FUNCTION
     bool operator()(const ValueType val) const { return (val > 0); }
   };
   // ---

   namespace KE = Kokkos::Experimental;
   Kokkos::View<double*> a("a", 13);
   // do something with a
   // ...

   const double oldValue{2};
   const double newValue{34};
   KE::replace_if(Kokkos::DefaultExecutionSpace(), KE::begin(a), KE::end(a),
      IsPositiveFunctor<double>(), newValue);

   // explicitly set label and execution space (assuming active)

>    KE::replace_if("mylabel", Kokkos::OpenMP(), a,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   // To run explicitly on the host (assuming a is accessible on Host)
   KE::replace_if("mylabel", Kokkos::DefaultHostExecutionSpace(), a,
```
